Highly Available Databases with AWS RDS - Quiz
Module 6 –Backup & Recovery

1. Is the following statement is True or False. “Taking a database instance backup is like taking a snapshot of the EBS Volume which is attached to your database Instance.” 
a. True
b. False

The correct answer is option a.

The explanation for the correct answer 
That’s correct! Taking a database instance backup is akin to taking a Storage Volume Snapshot and will include your entire Database Instance regardless of your database.

The explanation for incorrect answers
Option b: Sorry! Incorrect! Taking a database instance backup is akin to taking a Storage Volume Snapshot and will include your entire Database Instance regardless of your database.

2. What is the retention period of automated backups in AMW RDS? 
a. 50 days
b. 90 days
c. 35 days
d. 15 days 
The correct answer is option c.
The explanation for the correct answer
You are right! Automated Backups have a limited retention period of 35 days. 
The explanation for wrong answers
Option a: Sorry! Incorrect! Automated Backups have a limited retention period of 35 days. 
Option b: Sorry! Incorrect! Automated Backups have a limited retention period of 35 days. 
Option d: Sorry! Incorrect! Automated Backups have a retention period of 35 days. 

3.  If you are using AWS RDS MySQL engine and opting for automatic backup, which of the following storage engine types should you choose? 
a. PostgreSQL
b. InnoDB
c. Oracle
d. Automatic backup is not supported for MySQL

The correct answer is option b.

The explanation for the correct answer
Yes, that’s correct. Automated Backup supports only InnoDB storage engine. 

The explanation for wrong answers
Option a: Sorry! That’s incorrect. Automated Backup supports only InnoDB storage engine.  
Option c: Sorry! That’s incorrect. Automated Backup supports only InnoDB storage engine.  
Option d: Sorry! That’s incorrect. Automated Backup is supported for MySQL, but the storage engine type has to be InnoDB. 



4. Which of the following statements about Manual Backup is FALSE? 
a. Manual Backups are user initiated
b. Manual Backups have longer retention period than automated backups
c. Manual Backups have a limited time period of 35 days
d. Manual Backups will exist until you delete them

The correct answer is option c.

The explanation for the correct answer
You are right! This is a false statement. Automatic Backups have a limited time period of 35 days but Manual Backups do not have a limited retention period. 

Explanation for wrong answer
Option a: Sorry! That’s incorrect. This is a true statement about Manual Backups.
Option b: Sorry! That’s incorrect. This is a true statement about Manual Backups.
Option d: Sorry! That’s incorrect. This is a true statement about Manual Backups.
5. Which of the following backups can be restored from?
a. Automatic Backups
b. Manual Backups 
c. Both Automatic and Manual Backups

The correct answer is option c.

Explanation for correct answer
You are right! Backups can be restored from irrespective of the method used to take the backup. 

Explanation for wrong answer
Option a: Sorry! That’s incorrect. Backups can be restored from irrespective of the method used to take the backup. 
Option b: Sorry! That’s incorrect. Backups can be restored from irrespective of the method used to take the backup. 
