Highly Available Databases with AWS RDS - Quiz
Module 4 –AWS RDS in a VPC

1. What is a VPC?
a. VPC or Virtual Private Cloud is a virtual network in the cloud which is logically isolated. 
b. VPC or Virtual Public Cloud is a virtual network in the cloud which is publicly accessible.
c. VPC or Virtual Private Connect is a virtual network connected to a private network. 
d. VPC or Verified Private Cloud is a private network that is verified by AWS.

The correct answer is option a.

Explanation for correct answer 
That’s correct! Just think of it as your private Data Centre in the Cloud.

Explanation for incorrect answers
Option b: Sorry! Incorrect! It is a virtual network in the cloud which is logically isolated.
Option c: Sorry! Incorrect! It is a virtual network in the cloud which is logically isolated.
Option d: Sorry! Incorrect! It is a virtual network in the cloud which is logically isolated.

2. Which of the following statements about a VPC is FALSE?
a. VPC gives you complete control over networking.  
b. You cannot assign a static private IP address to your EC2 instance inside a VPC.
c. You can have multiple IPv4 address in a single EC2 instance in a VPC. 
d. VPC supports IPv6. 
The correct answer is option b.
Explanation for correct answer
You are right! You CAN assign a static private IP address to your EC2 instance inside a VPC.
Explanation for wrong answers
Option a: You are wrong. This is true. VPC gives you complete control over networking and you can create as many subnets as you want.
Option c: You are wrong! This is a true statement. 
Option d: You are wrong! This is a true statement.
3. Up to how many network interfaces can you attach to a single EC2 instance?
a. 10
b. 8
c. 5
d. 2
The correct answer is option c.

Explanation for correct answer
Yes, that’s correct. You can attach up to 5 network interfaces to your single EC2 instance.

Explanation for wrong answers
Option a: Sorry! That’s incorrect. You can attach only up to 5 network interfaces to your single EC2 instance.
Option b: Sorry! That’s incorrect. You can attach only up to 5 network interfaces to your single EC2 instance.
Option d: Sorry! That’s incorrect. You can attach up to 5 network interfaces to your single EC2 instance.

4. State whether the following statement is true or false – “If you want an extra layer of security, you can go for ACL which is an option in VPC.”
a. True
b. False

The correct answer is option a.

Explanation for correct answer
You are right! A network Access Control List (ACL) is an optional layer of security for your VPC that acts as a firewall for controlling traffic in and out of one or more subnets.

Explanation for wrong answer
Option b: Sorry! That’s incorrect. A network Access Control List (ACL) is an optional layer of security for your VPC that acts as a firewall for controlling traffic in and out of one or more subnets.
