Highly Available Databases with AWS RDS - Quiz
Module 7 –Multi-AZ Features of AWS RDS

1. ?Is the following statement True or False. “You can deploy two AWS RDS instances in different AWS regions for Multi-AZ setup.” ?
a. True
b. False

The correct answer is option b.

The explanation for the correct answer 
That’s correct! By default, you cannot deploy AWS RDS instances across multiple AWS regions. You can do so by implementing remote connectivity techniques like VPN.

The explanation for incorrect answers
Option a: Sorry! Incorrect! By default, you cannot deploy AWS RDS instances across multiple AWS regions. You can do so by implementing remote connectivity techniques like VPN.



2. Data is pushed from master to standby via ______________.  
a. Asynchronous Replication
b. AWS CloudWatch
c. Synchronous Replication
d. None of the above
The correct answer is option c.
The explanation for the correct answer
You are right! Data is pushed from Primary DB to standby through Synchronous Replication in order to keep the data up to date.  
The explanation for wrong answers
Option a: Sorry! Incorrect! Data is pushed from Primary DB to standby through Synchronous Replication in order to keep the data up to date.
Option b: Sorry! Incorrect! Data is pushed from Primary DB to standby through Synchronous Replication in order to keep the data up to date. 
Option d: Sorry! Incorrect! Data is pushed from Primary DB to standby through Synchronous Replication in order to keep the data up to date.  



3. Which of the following is NOT a benefit of Multi-AZ deployment? 
a. Durability
b. Scalability
c. Availability
d. ZERO Administration

The correct answer is option b.

The explanation for the correct answer
Yes, that’s correct. Scalability is not a benefit of Multi-AZ deployment. 

The explanation for wrong answers
Option a: Sorry! That’s incorrect. Scalability is not a benefit of Multi-AZ deployment. 
Option c: Sorry! That’s incorrect. Scalability is not a benefit of Multi-AZ deployment. 
Option d: Sorry! That’s incorrect. Scalability is not a benefit of Multi-AZ deployment. 

4. Web applications can perform CRUD operations while a Multi-AZ deployment of AWS RDS is failing over: 
a. TRUE
b. FALSE

The correct answer is option a.

The explanation for the correct answer
You are right! In a Multi-AZ deployment, AWS RDS will failover seamlessly with minimal to no downtime for your applications

The explanation for the wrong answer
Option b: Sorry! That’s incorrect. In a Multi-AZ deployment, AWS RDS will failover seamlessly with minimal to no downtime for your applications
